Added docs Inventory Guide. (#10239)
ansible-collections/community.general: docs/docsite/rst/inventory_guide_iocage_aliases.rst

Set notes. The tag *alias* will be used to create inventory aliases

.. code-block:: console

   shell> iocage set notes="vmm=iocage_02 project=foo alias=srv_1" 052b9557
   notes: none -> vmm=iocage_02 project=foo alias=srv_1
   shell> iocage set notes="vmm=iocage_02 project=foo alias=srv_2" 1c11de2d
   notes: none -> vmm=iocage_02 project=foo alias=srv_2
   shell> iocage set notes="vmm=iocage_02 project=bar alias=srv_3" 9d94cc9e
   notes: none -> vmm=iocage_02 project=bar alias=srv_3

Update the inventory configuration. Set the option *inventory_hostname_tag* to *alias*. This tag
keeps the value of the alias. The properties are required ::

   shell> cat hosts/02_iocage.yml

.. code-block::

   plugin: community.general.iocage
   host: 10.1.0.73
   user: admin
   get_properties: true
   inventory_hostname_tag: alias
   hooks_results:
     - /var/db/dhclient-hook.address.epair0b
   compose:
     ansible_host: (iocage_hooks.0 == '-') | ternary(iocage_ip4, iocage_hooks.0)
     iocage_tags: dict(iocage_properties.notes | split | map('split', '='))
   keyed_groups:
     - prefix: vmm
       key: iocage_tags.vmm
     - prefix: project
       key: iocage_tags.project

> Display tags and groups. Create a playbook ::

Author: OK.

..
  Copyright (c) Ansible Project
  GNU General Public License v3.0+ (see LICENSES/GPL-3.0-or-later.txt or https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt)
  SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later

.. _ansible_collections.community.general.docsite.inventory_guide.inventoy_guide_iocage.aliases:

Aliases
^^^^^^^

> Quoting :ref:`inventory_aliases`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quoting :ref:`inventory_aliases`:
```

>    The inventory_hostname is the unique identifier for a host in Ansible, this can be an IP or a hostname, but also just an 'alias' or short name for the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ``inventory_hostname`` is the unique identifier for a host in Ansible, this can be an IP or a hostname, but also just an 'alias' or short name for the host.
```

   +-----+----------+------+-------+------+-----------------+--------------------+-----+----------------+----------+
   | 208 | 1c11de2d | off  | up    | jail | 14.2-RELEASE-p3 | epair0b|10.1.0.146 | -   | ansible_client | no       |
   +-----+----------+------+-------+------+-----------------+--------------------+-----+----------------+----------+
   | 209 | 9d94cc9e | off  | up    | jail | 14.2-RELEASE-p3 | epair0b|10.1.0.115 | -   | ansible_client | no       |
   +-----+----------+------+-------+------+-----------------+--------------------+-----+----------------+----------+

Set notes. The tag *alias* will be used to create inventory aliases:

.. code-block:: console

   shell> iocage set notes="vmm=iocage_02 project=foo alias=srv_1" 052b9557
   notes: none -> vmm=iocage_02 project=foo alias=srv_1
   shell> iocage set notes="vmm=iocage_02 project=foo alias=srv_2" 1c11de2d
   notes: none -> vmm=iocage_02 project=foo alias=srv_2
   shell> iocage set notes="vmm=iocage_02 project=bar alias=srv_3" 9d94cc9e
   notes: none -> vmm=iocage_02 project=bar alias=srv_3

Update the inventory configuration. Set the option

> :ansopt:`community.general.iocage#inventory:inventory_hostname_tag` to *alias*. This tag keeps the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ansopt:`community.general.iocage#inventory:inventory_hostname_tag` to :ansvalue:`alias`. This tag keeps the
```

value of the alias. The option :ansopt:`community.general.iocage#inventory:get_properties` must be

> enabled:
> 
> .. code-block:: console
> 
>    shell> cat hosts/02_iocage.yml

Reviewer: Instead of having two code blocks (one for command line, one for file content), I would write this as:
```suggestion
enabled. For example, ``hosts/02_iocage.yml`` contains:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

   plugin: community.general.iocage
   host: 10.1.0.73
   user: admin
   get_properties: true
   inventory_hostname_tag: alias
   hooks_results:
     - /var/db/dhclient-hook.address.epair0b
   compose:
     ansible_host: (iocage_hooks.0 == '-') | ternary(iocage_ip4, iocage_hooks.0)
     iocage_tags: dict(iocage_properties.notes | split | map('split', '='))
   keyed_groups:
     - prefix: vmm
       key: iocage_tags.vmm
     - prefix: project
       key: iocage_tags.project

> Display tags and groups. Create a playbook:
> 
> .. code-block:: console
> 
>    shell> cat pb-test-groups.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display tags and groups. Create a playbook ``pb-test-groups.yml`` with the following content:
```

.. code-block:: yaml+jinja

   - hosts: all
     remote_user: admin

     vars:

       ansible_python_interpreter: auto_silent

     tasks:

       - debug:
	   var: iocage_tags

       - debug:
           msg: |
	   {% for group in groups %}
	   {{ group }}: {{ groups[group] }}

> 	   {% endfor %}

Reviewer: Note that there are tab characters in this file (for example the start of the above lines). Please make sure you don't use any tab characters in RST files.

Also please note that the message is not indented correctly - though that might be caused by the tabs.

Author: Done.
